GTO docs (#199)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/gto/index.md

# GTO Documentation

**GTO** is a tool for creating an Artifact Registry in your Git repository. One
of the special cases we would like to highlight is creating a

> [Machine Learning Model Registry](/doc/use-cases/model-registry).

Reviewer: What other special cases are there? Features catalog perhaps?

Reviewer: Also, spell it out here at least?
```suggestion
**GTO** (Git Tag Ops) is a tool for creating an Artifact Registry
in your Git repository. An important special cases is a
[Machine Learning Model Registry](/doc/use-cases/model-registry).
```

Author: > Features catalog perhaps

Almost. Data catalog for example :)

> Such a registry serves as a centralized place to store and operationalize your
> artifacts along with their metadata; manage model life-cycle, versions &

Reviewer: Are we talking about the general artifacts registry or specific models registry here? If the former,

```suggestion
Such a registry serves as a centralized place to store and operationalize your
artifacts along with their metadata; manage ML life-cycle, versions &
```

releases, and easily automate tests and deployments using GitOps.

<cards>

  <card href="/doc/gto/get-started" heading="Get Started">
    A step-by-step introduction into basic GTO features
  </card>

  <card href="/doc/gto/user-guide" heading="User Guide">
    Study the detailed inner-workings of GTO in its user guide.
  </card>

  <card href="/doc/use-cases/model-registry" heading="Use Cases">
    Using GTO to build a Model Registry
  </card>

  <card href="/doc/gto/command-reference" heading="Command Reference">
    See all of GTO's commands
  </card>

</cards>

✅ Please join our [community](https://dvc.org/community) or use the
[support](https://dvc.org/support) channels if you have any questions or need
specific help. We are very responsive ⚡.

✅ Check out our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/iterative/gto) and give
us a ⭐ if you like the project!

> ✅ Contribute to MLEM [on GitHub](https://github.com/iterative/gto) or help us
> improve this [documentation](https://github.com/iterative/mlem.ai) 🙏.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✅ Contribute to GTO [on GitHub](https://github.com/iterative/gto) or help us
improve this
[documentation](https://github.com/iterative/mlem.ai/tree/main/content/docs/gto)
🙏.
```
